Add a new feature. I would like to incentivize prepayments of pack by providing additional discounts, reducing or withrowing deposit or other incentives for timely and in advance payments. additionally some form of a shared responsibility for delays of payments or irregular paiments. refunding rules should also be in place. at the end I would like to have properly documented and transparent pricing amd discount policies that are promoted nicely to the users. let us start  with the the general and universal rules: 1. each pricing pack should be paid in full latest by 12:OO at lunchtime of the day it should be activated and utilized. 2 Deposit: no package can be utilized and activated, even if already payed if there is no deployed deposit at least at the same amount of the package that should be activated. 3. Partial reduction of the weekly and the monthly deposits could be temporary accepted up to 50 % of the due amount for no longer than half of the period of the active package. 4. if a deposit is not fully paid by the middle of its package period, the paid part is not refundable and should be considered as additional 25% risk fee on the top of the regular price of the package. 5. Deposit-free Daily, weekly and monthly packages can be purchased if fully paid by 12:00 on the day of activation with additional 25% risk fee on the top of the regular package price. 6. Available and prepaid  packages that cannot be activated due to lack of deposit can be exchanged for shorter period packages and deposits or for deposit-free packages at their net price paid at purchase. 7. leftover amounts of exchanged packages or unused prepaid packages that are not enough to be exchanged for a new usable package are not refundable. Stll, the remaining amount can be added as a paid deposit to the user acount. 8. If none of the above scenarios is possible only per hour chages could be aplied prepaid at least every 2 hours startin at 12:00 lunchtime untillmaximum of 150 daily cap is reached. after the cap is reached a full daily pack is considered if paid before by 20:00 the same day or if there is enough available prepaid deposit to cover the cost. If there is not enough available deposit amount or paiment is not done at least every two hours of the delay, the property should be released  imediately. Incentives: every package fully prepaid in advance of one or several periods equal to the package-periods counted in days, additional 10 % per  period  discount will be deducted from the regular price with a cap of 50 %. In other words a 50 percent discount of the package price can be achieved if a package is paid 5 full package-specific periods before the due payment and activation day. A user can prepay given pacages only if it is the unpaid package with the closest due dates (that meens all other packages inbetween should also be fullu paid by the time you do the pre paymen